Organize F# language guide toc/index, add F# scenarios (#26804)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/tour.md

It's important to note that because `struct` tuples are value types, they cannot be implicitly converted to reference tuples, or vice versa.  You must explicitly convert between a reference and struct tuple.

## Pipelines

> The pipe operator `|>` is used extensively when processing data in F#. This allow you to establish "pipelines" of functions in a flexible manner. The following example walks through how you can take advantage of these operators to build a simple functional pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipe operator `|>` is used extensively when processing data in F#. This operator allow you to establish "pipelines" of functions in a flexible manner. The following example walks through how you can take advantage of these operators to build a simple functional pipeline:
```

[!code-fsharp[ActivePatterns](~/samples/snippets/fsharp/tour.fs#L777-L795)]

## Options

One special case of Discriminated Union types is the Option Type, which is so useful that it's a part of the F# core library.

[The Option Type](language-reference/options.md) is a type that represents one of two cases: a value, or nothing at all.  It is used in any scenario where a value may or may not result from a particular operation.  This then forces you to account for both cases, making it a compile-time concern rather than a runtime concern.  These are often used in APIs where `null` is used to represent "nothing" instead, thus eliminating the need to worry about `NullReferenceException` in many circumstances.

[!code-fsharp[Options](~/samples/snippets/fsharp/tour.fs#L803-L823)]

## Units of Measure

> F#'s type system includes  the ability to provide context for numeric literals through [Units of Measure](language-reference/units-of-measure.md). These allow you to associate a numeric type to a unit, such as Meters, and have functions perform work on units rather than numeric literals.  This enables the compiler to verify that the types of numeric literals passed in make sense under a certain context, thus eliminating runtime errors associated with that kind of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
F#'s type system includes  the ability to provide context for numeric literals through [Units of Measure](language-reference/units-of-measure.md). Units of measure allow you to associate a numeric type to a unit, such as Meters, and have functions perform work on units rather than numeric literals.  This enables the compiler to verify that the types of numeric literals passed in make sense under a certain context, thus eliminating run-time errors associated with that kind of work.
```
